
Hagrid loved all animals. Giant animals larger than houses which he felt he had a connection to being giant himself. Tiny animals smaller than his thumb which he longed to protect. Beautiful animals that inspired him, ugly animals that also inspired him. Viscous meat eaters and docile plant eaters. He loved them all.

"Ahem," Hagrid interupted "that ain't quite righ' "

....

(This part of the story gives some background on how Hagrid came to be in possession of three Miniature Scottish Hell Hounds. The way this explains it or why it turned out important is not covered here.)

You may think having an overpopulation of non-indigenous Yellow Back Dragons dotting the sky would be  cool, but if so you have NO IDEA what a nuisance these dragons can be. 

First there is the sound. Their shrieks are like the cry of an evil baby after its Mommy has taken its favorite toy. Dragons, like bullfrogs, can go for months without sleep. They shriek throughout the day and night. They shriek especially when you're finally about to fall asleep. It's impossible to think straight when they're constantly screeching especially after a poor night's sleep.

Second there is the smell. Dragon poo doesn't smell not like dog poo. Dog poo is like roses compared to dragon poo. The smell doesn't have the quality of skunk spray. Skunk spray smells like a gas. Dragon poo smells 100% organic. Maybe 200%. The spray from a skunk can make you vomit if it gets in your mouth. Dragon poo can make you vomit from a single whiff. 

Now Dragon poo is not like rabbit droppings where you can pick it up with your fingers and not get them dirty. No siree. Dragon poo is the quintessential example of "mush". Soft, lumpy, and a little liquidy.

However, there is one poo related matter dragons share with another animal. Hippopotamuses convey information about their health and reproductive status by creating giant piles of poop. These poo piles, technically known as dung middens, can grow several feet wide and may reach as high as their butts. But then they simply can't reach any higher. Dragons on the other hand have the advantage that they can fly. They build their poo piles higher and higher. They poo in mid-air with uncanny accuracy. The heaps can grow to a height of 10 feet or more -- that's the height of a house! Imagine your job is to clean out one of those. 

Despite all that, Dragons were respected as smart and majestic and there was a strict prohibition against killing them. However the tipping point that finally led to taking action was they are also dangerous. In particular there was an incident with a young student named Elizabeth Snow. 

Elizabeth was taking a flight on her broomstick to enjoy a warm sunny day. She saw a Yellow Back in the distance and flew towards it to take a closer look before thinking better of it and abruptly heading in a different direction. For some reason the dragon charged towards her. Perhaps it was offended by her turn. Elizabeth tried to flee but the dragon had it in for her. When it was right behind her it shot out a flame of fire. She wasn't hurt but the bristles on her broom caught fire. A broom without bristles is a stick and a stick is as useful for flying to a witch as it is to a muggle.

On this sunny day, Elizabeth was flying at an altitude of about 300 feet. When something falls towards earth it will accelerate at about 9.8 meters per second per second. After one second it will be travelling at 22 miles per hour. After 2 seconds it will be travelling 44 miles per hour, after 3 seconds 66 miles per hour, and so on. Using basic arithmancy you can calculate that it will take a little over 4 seconds to fall from 300 feet. When you slam into earth at 88 miles per hour your body will decelerate to 0 miles per hour in a tiny fraction of a second. During this fraction of a second the hard parts of your body will stop sooner than the soft parts. This is not good. Your brain will collapse into your skull. Your soft tissue and organs will be torn apart by your ribs. Your body will crumple into a bloody mess in what the medical profession refers to as "going splat"

But Elizabeth Snow was very lucky this day (depending on when you start the clock). As the bristles on her broom burned up she spotted a giant dung pile. She raced towards it. When her bristles all burned out she fell head over heels, tumbling, and hitting the pile of steaming dung at over 70 miles per hour. She was of course breathing fast in her terror, but she clamped her lips shut and grabbed her nose as if it was the golden snitch in the world Quidditch finals. 

The poo decelerated her slow enough that her organs were not damaged. As the poo beneath her was compressed it pushed harder into her. When she hit the ground she was barely moving. With superhuman effort she half walked, half swam out of the giant pile of mush while rapidly running out of oxygen. As soon as she poked her head out the pile she sucked in a giant breath of air, then vomited and collapsed face first into her vomit.

When she finally staggered back to school, people didn't rush out to greet her but  called from a distance "Oh my god, what happened?! Are you OK?". Elizabeth Snow's whole world -- her thoughts collapsed from paragraphs and sentences, from phrases and words to a single word. A single syllable. She croaked it out as loud as she could before collapsing. "Baaaaathh".
