Ginny was Ron's sister. She was shy. Her stomach would tie up in a knot when meeting new people. She was afraid to ask questions in class. She was too timid to complain or express her views.

So her Mother taught her some tricks and then she made Ginny promise not to reveal any of them. When Ginny used the tracks she felt like an imposter. People thought she wasn't shy though she knew better. Her friends thought she was extroverted and she couldn't confide in them that she was actually shy without giving up her secrets that she had promised not to reveal. 

The first secret... When Ginny met new people her thoughts were on how they would judge her. In some cases they *were* judging her. In some cases they were thinking about what they would have for dinner. She knew this but she always thought they were judging her. She would try to hide behind her Mother to avoid their judging eyes. To avoid making any mistakes. She didn't like to be judged poorly. 

Her mother knew Ginny was shy. The first secret her Mother told her was to do some jujistu. If others may be judging you then judge them. But judge carefully. Is the person you're meeting smiling at you? Is it because she is nice or because she is nervous or because she is a fake or wants something? What is her situation vs yours? What is her interest? Christians say "Don't judge others lest ye be judged" but Ginny would judge others. She would hunt out their differences. And while she did this she did not seem shy (although it was a lie)

The second secret... When she was in 4th grade she would sit in the back of the class. When the teacher asked a question she would slink in her chair or move left or right to try to position the student in front of her to block the teacher's line of site. Of course it didn't work. When the teacher called her out of her hole she was trying to hide in she had no escape. She would answer the question softly and mumble a little in case it was too clear that she was getting the answer wrong. Her teacher would say "what's that Ginny? speak up" and all the people in front of her would turn around to look. 20 students. 40 eyes. Trapped, her mind thought about how to escape but there was no way. All she could do is throw out an answer. And then be embarrassed when it was wrong. 

Her mother didn't know this is what happened but she knew Ginny was shy. The second secret her mother told Ginny was to always sit near the front. The nearer you are to the front the fewer people you can see. It seems silly but if you can't see them then they are less real. And you can talk more normal since you don't need to shout across the room, you can just talk as if in a normal conversation. Ginny did this when she was in 5th grade -- and felt the guilt of appearing not shy merely because she couldn't see people she knew were there if she were to care to think about it, but they were behind her and she was in front and she just didn't feel she needed to think about them. Anyone would look at the room and know that she was not the shy one. And the teacher was right there like a normal conversation. So now she did not seem shy (although it was a lie).

The third "secret" wasn't a secret. More like a warning. People who are the opposite of shy tend to have strong opinions. If other people think of you as not shy then you will express your opinions more strongly. You may hold your positions more strongly. But you must not. Your opinions must be based on your current understanding not your past, not kept just to appear consistent or not feel the pain of being wrong. The goal is: Strong opinions, weakly held.

Ginny remembered all this as she entered her first class at Pigwarts. She was getting thrown into the deep end. Her very first class was with Professor Snape. All the kids were afraid of Professor Snape. 

Ginny sat in the front. Yikes, he looked at *her*. His eyes drove in.

She looked back. And this is what she saw. His head was tilted down to convey that he wouldn't accept any backtalk in his class. His eyes were slightly squinted to convey he didn't like children very much. And his jaw was a little tight.

Why? Ginny asked. She didn't know but she would judge anyway. She knew she could get it wrong but she would use every clue she could find as her mother told her to.

So Ginny judged. She judged: he is afraid. He is afraid of the children. What can he do if they don't obey him? There is nothing he can do. "Hey Doubledoodle Ginny is misbehaving and I don't know what to do about it. Oh I am weak. Won't you help me?" He wouldn't want to do that. The only tool he has is intimidation. And he is afraid it won't work. And Ginny is looking at him instead of averting her eyes. Which she realizes is a mistake so she averts them. Not because she is afraid though but because it would be silly to make an enemy of Snape for no reason. Ginny was shy but faked not being shy and now faked being shy. Oh, what a bunch of lies.

Snape began. He stood in the middle of the front of the room and stared down at the students. He said, punching out each word, "My name is Professor Severus Snape and this is first year Potions class. Listen carefully everyone to this story. I have been teaching potions for 9 years and it has been the same since my first year. First year students ignorant of the power of potions and the discipline required to concocts the potions *correctly*. My first year teaching there was a Hufflepuff student, Roger Garrison, who did *quite well*. He listened *well* to my lectures. He helped his classmates out  when they were having trouble." his said as if it was a bad thing, "He came prepared to class." Hermione looked at Harry wondering where Snape was going with this. Snape almost shouted to get her attention "*He* was a *good* student... I gave him an A." Back to normal volume. "But he sometimes made a mistake with his measuring or ordering. I considered whether to give an A or B and you may not think Professor Snape when considering a close case like this would pick the A. But I did." Snape paused and then continued "*YOU* will not get an A if you are only a *good* student. *You* will not get an A just because you listen or just because you do all your homework. You will not get an A just because you try your... best... Roger became an aid to Mrs Pomfrete. One day a student came in with a heart attack. Roger mixed the ingredients for Resusitation - wormwood, dragon lung, olive branch, seliminum flower,  migdum. Only he didn't. He forgot to put in the seliminum. Instead of Mellisa Malivendari's heart coming back to life it clamped up and no magic could save her. She was dead and still is and will be forever. Open your books to page one. Hermione! Begin reading. There will be a test tomorrow" Snape sat down and didn't say anything for the rest of the class.

Most of the kids thought it was all about trying to scare them. But of course, Ginny knew. Snape wasn't afraid that he would fail to control the students. He was afraid he would fail to teach them something they needed to know. Snape's mean-ness was his lie.








































