Hermione described what she had seen, and concluded with "We're outmatched! We don't have much chance. We should gather what technology we can to try to put up some fight. We don't have much time. We need to star--"

"But that would be a violation of the prohibilition of use of muggle technology", Harry said.

"Did you hear? We're up against magical killer robots! Controlled by Slytherins! If we don't use technology we won't be able to win."

"But if we use technology it will set a dangerous precedent. Other people will also use it. The world may become unstable."

"But if we don't use it there won't be any future! Honestly Harry, I'm quite familiar with this moral dillema but this isn't the time. We are running out of time and need to get ready fast!"

"But how much have you thought about the other option? Perhaps it isn't hopeless. It's tempting to jump to thinking about the moral problem that would be nice to cast aside and why it would be justified. To jump to the obvious controversy to tackle." He continued "But it may not be as hopeless as you think. Yes, the Slytherins have the advantage of being free from the constraints of morality. But they have some weaknesses too."

"Harry, they have magical killer robots!"

"Bear with me... please. It will be just a few minutes. Let's enumerate their weeknesses"

He held up one finger. "They're awful at strategizing. Their plans are too complicated. They are trying to do too much at once."

Second finger. "They love sneakiness. For them a complex plan is better than a simple one. A sneaky, twisted one is even better."

Third finger. "They decided to have their robots do magic. This was needlessly risky. It has never been done before and I'm skeptical if it's even possible for any non-humans non-witches and non-wizards to do magic."

Fourth finger. "Even if the robots can do magic they could have any number of weaknesses. These types of weapons have never been used in this type of battle. Chances are there will be some weakness that can be exploited"

Thumb. "They don't know we're on to them"

Ron chimed in. "Also, they don't have Hermione". Hermione smiled, "Or Harry". Harry said "Or Ron".

The meeting was going smoother now. Hermione said "Sorry, I guess I panicked a little. I'm Sorry. I've noted my mistake and will avoid it in the future." Harry was relieved that something that could have potentially turned ugly ended up turning sweet, and he felt a warmth towards Hermione.

Hermione said "W"









