Priya wasn't a Gryffindor, nor a Hufflepuff (and definitely not a Slytherin). She was a Ravenclaw. She knew she didn't have the bluster of a Gryffindor but she dreamed in the depth of her heart that maybe, just maybe when the sorting hat peered into her soul that it would find a Gryffindor. And at least if not a Gryffindor then a Hufflepuff because Gryffindors generally liked Hufflepuffs more than Ravenclaws.

Priya was good at path. In elementary school she jumped from fourth grade math to sixth grade. She skipped over a whole year! She developed a liking for numbers and all the way the different symbols could manipulate numbers. But she really came to love math when the manipulations got more complex and could model both a world of human imagination and the world in which the imagineers themselves resided.

She learned algebra, geometry, non-Euclidean geometry, topography, first order logic. She became fascinated with calculus - differentials and integrals. She learned linear algebra, discrete mathmatics, and combinatorics. She especially loved probability theory, game theory, and decision theory.

When she was only ten she started to learn computer science and how to code. She learned information theory.

And then she fell in love with cryptology. She learned all sorts of different ways to encode and decode secrets and the mathmatical properties of codes and techniques for breaking codes.

She loved all that, but she also felt she *should* do something more. Something involving bravery and sacrafice.

She wasn't good at much else. She didn't have many friends. She was terrible at all the sports. She was awkward and timid.

When she put on the sorting hat she wanted to wish for Gryffindor but couldn't completely since she knew she was no hero. But she hoped that the hat could see she could do something. She had something in her. And if not at least the house that Gryffindor's liked the most. When it called out Ravenclaw the Ravenclaws clapped and put on smiles and Priya put on her smile, but she barely was able to hold it together. Even the hat had seen nothing but academics in her.

~

~




