Harry said "We need to learn the location of the dome and as much as we can about it."  Hermioned pressed her lips together, "where to begin?" The three of them sat in a silence, not sure if it would ever be broken with anything other than giving up.

Hermione said, "Either we will need to find a clue or talk to somebody who knows something but without revealing any dangerous information."

Ron said, "Who could know something helpful?"

Harry said, "Hmmm".

Hermione said, "There is something evil going on here, and if anyone may know what it is, and isn't an adult, it will be Malfoy. And remember, he was the one who tried to log in to the system."

Harry said, "Let's talk to him. But how do we reveal the least information to him and at the same time influence him to reveal the most information to us?"

Ron said, "Aha, we can reveal no information to him by revealing everything and then obliterating the memory of our questioning. And we can get the most information from him using Legilamency." Ron looked proud of himself. "But we don't know Legilamency!" Hermione yelled. 

Harry said "We could tell him that we will report him for trying to break into the computer system if he doesn't tell us what we want to know... or we could sneak a LooseLips potion into his drink to make him speak freely... or we could use Polyjuice to appear to be somebody that he thinks is on his side and already knows the information... or we could use my cloak of invisibility to eavesdrop on his conversations." 

Hermione said "Those are all excellent suggestions Harry. Truly excellent. Except for one detail. One tiny, sometimes hard to see detail that makes them all rubbish." Harry looked a little hurt. "Morality", Hermione said. "They are all immoral. Blackmail, secretly drugging somebody without thier consent! Using Polyjuice, Animagus, or Ancient Relics without a warrent is a Magical felony! What if everyone went around doing that?" The extent of Harry's mistake dawned on him and he said "Of course, I'm sorry."

"Hmmm" they all said.
