
Soon it was Spring again and the students returned to Pigwarts.

On her first morning back, Hermione awoke and got dressed. When she opened her sock drawer there was a folded note lying there. She opened it up and saw a message typed on it. It did not say who it was from.

The note said:

-- Confidential/Need to Know Basis --

I have learned: Hogwarts was NOT destroyed! My information is incomplete but I acquired it from a knowledgeable source under Legilimency (hopefully). I don't know if Hogwarts was moved or hidden or something else (the source did not know or at least claimed as much) but the magic that created Hogwarts is still strong and the school can be found or recreated in its latest glory!

But you must help. 

I don't know which if any adults can be trusted so it will be best for you to not involve any adult unless you have no other choice.

Here's what I do know:

1. You will need to visit a site that is enclosed in a magical dome. The dome is opaque. The dome cannot be penetrated by any magic taught to students

2. The dome itself is surrounded by a "no fly" zone, patrolled by a hundred death eaters on broomsticks armed with exploding bludgers

Um, good luck.

--

Hermione wondered who wrote the note. She requested a private meeting with Ron and Harry and showed it to them. 

Harry was excited by the great news that Hogwarts had not been destroyed and said "it was good of you to share this with me. If this is true we must restore Hogwarts!" Ron said "Well, seems unlikely. In any case it would be impossible to get past those hundred death eaters". Hermione looked at him with kind eyes and said "that part is easy". "Anyway" Ron whined, "it's *impossible* for us to get through the dome. It's too powerful for our magic." Hermione thought for about 1.5 seconds and then gave a slight smile. "That's no problem either".

Harry smiled too. He didn't know what Hermione had in mind but he didn't worry about it given the level of trust he had in her judgment. Ron on the other hand looked like he was deciding whether or not to throw a fit.

"So" Harry said, "I guess the bigger problem is we don't know what's on the other side of the dome? We have no idea what we will encounter. I don't like going in blind." Hermione said "Me neither, what should we do... and who sent the note?"
