Hermione said "Malfoy, I've requested this private meeting with you because I have a very serious matter I want to discuss with you. I need your help." Malfoy's eyes twinkled. Hermione continued "I've come into some... information... but before we continue, I want you to promise that you will keep this secret. Can you promise this?" Malfoy considered and said "OK, " thinking he could decide later if he would really keep it secret or not, "I promise."

Quietly Hermione said, "I've learned there is a magically constructed dome somewhere that is hiding a very valuable secret. Do you know anything about this?" Malfoy looked a little surprised. "Why do you think this?". Hermione answered "I can't say my source. Do you know anything about a dome?" Malfoy wondered if his face already gave away that he did in fact know something. "I don't know anything and I'd probably deny it if I did... but... hypothetically do you promise to keep anything that *I* say secret?". 

	"Yes". 
	"Why should I believe you?" 
	"I already revealed something I know. I trusted you. Now I ask you to do the same". 
	"No... it's not enough."

Hermione said "How about I don't tell anyone about you trying to log into the computer system you weren't supposed to access?" Malfoy lied, "I didn't". Hermione had no proof. Anybody could have typed "login malfoy". Hermione didn't know what to do. "Please" she said "is there any way you will tell me?" There was silence. Hermione hoped that Malfoy was trying to think of something. 

Malfoy said "Muggles are pathetic and you're a Mudblood". Not exactly what she was hoping for. He continued "But you do have some nifty technology. It's nothing compared to Magic and I'm not jealous of it or anything and I'm not really very interested either and it seems to have lots of problems and very lacking in style but I suppose I wouldn't mind having a computer and you showing me how to program." No, Hermione thought, it's much too powerful and there was no way she would give this to Malfoy! "I can teach you about programming" she said "Please tell me what you know". "And get me a computer?". "You haven't told me anything other than saying you don't know anything, I'm not going to promise to give you a computer!" Malfoy said "There is a dome". "Where?" "Do you promise? Promise on your life that if I tell you you will never reveal that it was me?" "Yes". "100 miles northwest of the original Hogwarts. Give me my first lesson tomorrow. Tell anyone and I kill you."

