When Hermione arrived at her other meeting Harry and Ron were already there. Harry interrupted Ron's going on about Quidditch, "Hermione's here! Let's begin." 

Ron said "Are you going to tell us what you have in mind for getting past the 100 Death Eaters with bludgers and penetrating the inpenetrable dome?" 

Hermione said "This is what I'm thinking. One of us will use the Cloak of Invisibility to evade the notice of the Death Eaters on their broomsticks. Then he will transform into a Honey Badger animagus and dig under the impenetrable dome." She made air quotes when saying "inpenetrable" and rolled her eyes a little. If the ground is hard this will take about 10 minutes.

Ron thought the answer was a bit of a let-down, but didn't see any flaws.

Harry considered. "Would it be easier to animagus into a smaller animal that doesn't need to make such a big hole?" 

Hermione said "Yes, but we need enough space to drag the cloak through the hole and continue to use it on the other side. Honey Badgers are excellent diggers and the tunnel will be a good size to still fit the cloak."

"Who all should go?" Harry asked

"I think we should just have one person", Hermione said "to minimize the risk of being detected and move as quickly as possible." 

"Clearly this is a job for a Gryffindor!" Ron said "...but we're all Gryffindors" 
	
Hermione said "Athletic ability, skill with the invisibility cloak, and animagus ability are some key factors. Perhaps Ron is the best candidate"

"Thanks Hermione!"

"OK," Hermione said "Thank you Ron. Anyone see any holes in the plan... other than the obvious pun?" She smiled.

Harry said "It's risky. The Death Eaters could have some other way to detect intruders. Or see or hear Ron if he touches stuff. Also it may be hard to dig the hole without being detected and we still don't know anything about what's on the other side"

"Yes", Hermione said "Ron I think you should practice every minute you can moving around with the cloak as silently as possible and especially moving around as a Honey Badger. You will want to dig that hole as fast as possible. If you get caught the consequences could be terrible... Perhaps worse than death. Are you sure you want to do this?"

Ron gulped a little, but said bravely "Yes, I want to do it."

"Now, since your life will be in danger I think we should take the precaution of making a backup of you"

"Huh?" Harry said

"You can use the Time Turner" Hermione continued, "to go back four hours. At this point there will be the version of you that we continue to see in our normal time plus the version of you that is now four hours younger"

"Won't there just be the one version that is now four hours back in time?"

"No, that can't be" she said. "Imagine you walked out of this room and travelled back in time 5 minutes and then looked into this room. Would you not see yourself as you were, here in this room, 5 minutes ago?"

"Interesting" Harry said. "Well then as a precaution perhaps we should make a backup of each of us plus an extra for Ron since he is taking the biggest risk. We can relax at the beach while our younger selves can storm the castle"

"But if we go back in time, won't *we* be our younger selves?", Ron said

"I don't think it matters either way. And morally speaking it is better that it is both and neither."
	
"Then it's settled" Hermione said. 

Harry said, "The note said it's urgent to find what's inside the dome before Sunday. We need to practice, make backups of ourselves, and review our plan."

	Hermione said "Well then, in the words of the great, late, Westley from Princess Bride: 'That doesn't leave much time for Dilly Dallying'"

	"I don't remember the note saying anything about Sunday" Ron interjected

	"Well maybe the author, of the note, just forgot to write that part"

	"Westley wasn't late" said Harry "He was just *mostly* late."

	"Yeah" Ron said "And then the chocolate brought him back to life"
	
	"It wasn't the chocolate! That is just what was coating the pill to make it go down easier"
	
	"Chocolate has caffeine" Ron defended

	"Not enough to wake the dead!" Hermione blurted
	
	"*Mostly* dead" Ron corrected

	"I've seen coffee wake the mostly dead" said Harry
	
	"I liked the ROUS" said Ron
	
	"You killed my father prepare to die" said Harry
	
	"You killed my father prepare to die" they all said

Then they all sat back and smiled while thinking about all their favorite parts of the movie.


The End - PART 1




"Hm... but then the other me that I was seeing would disappear 5 minutes later so there would only be one again. Except the other one would still appear in earlier time so you're right. There would be two. Which one has to storm the castle?"



