"Hello"

I heard a voice in my living room. Huh? There shouldn't be anyone there. My head spun around to look. I saw a man in my living room. That's not right. There was no sound but now he was there. 

"Hello?" I asked.

"Hello" he replied. And we looked at each other.

He looked unsure. "What's going on?" he said.

"Who are you?" I replied.

He said "I'm..." and looked like he didn't know and then remembered "I'm the healer."

He didn't look dangerous. He was about my height, maybe in his thirties, brown hair. He was standing and looking at me. Waiting for me. 

"How did you get in?"

"Where am I?"

"What's your name?"

"I..." He didn't move. "I don't know. I can't remember. I'm the healer. I can touch people and heal them. What's happening? Where am I?"

He stood there with his mouth open and waited.

Despite the unusual situation this made me think of an assignment.....

"Do you have a wallet?"

He checked his pockets. Found nothing.

"OK. Have a seat." I motioned to the couch. "Can I get you a drink? Some water?"

"No, thank you. I'm fine."

"Is this a joke?"

He thought. "I don't think so."

"What do you remember? How did you get here?"

He thought. "I...". Sighing he said "I can't remember. It's so strange. Everything is beautiful. I don't remember anything and I don't know what to feel. I... I'm the healer. I remember I needed to say that but I don't know who I am. I don't know how I got here. Who are you? Where am I?"

I was still standing. He was wearing blue jeans and a gray button down shirt. I had no idea who he was and he was sitting on my couch. 

"My door was locked. How did you get in?"

"I'm sorry. I don't know."

"Somebody must have let you in, but I heard nothing. Nothing in your pockets?"

"No... do you need healing anywhere? I can heal people."

I thought. My next move is surely to get him to a hospital. The question is coming from insanity. But should I let him know I have a cut? I rubbed my cheeks. 

"You're confused. You can't remember how you got here. How about I call for somebody to take you to the hospital?" I asked gently.

He saw my cut. "OK..." he said with disappointment, and then "if you let me touch you I will wait and go to the hospital. I agree that is what I should do but... please, may I touch you?"

I felt it was dangerous either way. 

"Where?"

"On your hand"

I looked in his eyes. 

He said "Just let me touch you on the hand and then I will go."

He closed his eyes and bowed his head. I thought.

"OK". I walked towards him. I put out my hand. He put out his index finger and gently touched the back of my hand. I took it back and stepped back. I looked at my hand. The cut was gone. I showed it to him. He looked relieved.

I was confused.

The cut was really there. I had cut myself pealing a potato this morning. The cut was really gone. I couldn't see it at all. It was there, he touched me, and then it was gone. Like a magic trick. 

"How did you do that?"

"I'm a healer"

I was confused. I looked at my hand. I looked at my other hand. And this was a moment I needed to make a decision I knew, whether to consider considering. "Can you do it again?"

"I think so"

"If I cut myself, you will be able to heal it?"

He looked a little afraid. "Make it a small one."

Was I really going to do this? Take it serious? Cut myself to test? I couldn't talk to anyone else yet surely. I couldn't think of a simpler test. But really? I looked at the kitchen knives. I left them there.

I gave myself the hardest scratch I felt reasonable near my elbow. It was visible. I studied it.

I held out my hand while continuing to study the scratch. He touched it. The scratch disappeared.

"Do you have any idea how you did that?"

He shook his head, "no".

I thought back to the assignment. The professor said the right answer was to take the healer to all the hospitals and figure out the logistics to heal all the sick people on earth. I said you should study it and try to figure out how it works so we can reinvent our laws of physics. But the question isn't how to use it or how it works. The real question is "what the hell is going on here?"

"What do you think is going on?"

"I don't know." He shook his head again.

Neither of us knew what to do. I sat down, and said "people are dying now while we sit here."

"I can heal them."

"Think" I told myself. 

"If this is happening then what is the most likely explanation? Either you have been given some advanced technology by some unknown entity or the rules of the universe are not as we know them." He waited for me to continue. "If there is something like miniture robots on the end of your finger we may be able to see them or learn about their nature. The alternative is that the universe normally runs by the laws of physics we know but that there can be modifications that would sort of be like the robots but implemented at the simulation level."

I continued "You don't know your name but how much general knowledge do you know? Do you know what the number pi is?"

"Yes... it allows you to calculate the circuference of a circle if you know its diameter"

"Do you know advanced mathmatics?"

"Like?"

"Um... what is the volume of a donut shaped object?"

I could see him thinking. "Integrate over a rotating circle? I don't know. Maybe I could do it but I don't know."

"What about biology or physics? Do you feel you have a lot of knowledge? Or medicine?"

"No"

"What do you know?"

"I... I don't know. I know some stuff but I don't know who I am, I don't know how I got here, I don't know what I should be doing or who sent me. I know I can heal with my finger. I think... I can heal anything."

I breathed. "You could be saving people right now?"

"Yes"

"I think I need to call someone."

Who could I call? Nobody would believe me, at least nobody I would want to talk to. I would need to phrase it as a hypothetical situation. Who would I feel comfortable calling? For something this important comfort shouldn't be a factor. But jeez, it's a weird situation. How to explain an urgency about discussing a hypothetical never-could-actually-happen situation? And not have them worry I have lost my mind, so that things can move forward? I know a smart writer. He is the only possibility.

And what are the options I can think of? Test some more? Contact the FBI? 

"Though... what do you think we should do?"

He scratched his head. "I feel blank. I want you to tell me."

"Is there somebody you feel you are here to save?"

"No"

"Do I look familiar to you at all?"

"No"

"Does this room look familiar to you?"

"It's... unfamiliar."

He seemed to be getting upset. I thought some more if there is any good question I could ask. I looked at him. Should I ask if he has any idea where he is? Show him around? Ask him what his favorite food is? Anything that can help figure out what the hell is going on? How does it feel that you can know to say you can heal people? Are you human? Do you think there are tiny robots in your finger? Should we try touching with other parts? Should I try inflicting other damage on myself? What to do?

"Let me get you some water."

"OK. Thank you." He took the water and took a sip, and then drank some more, and then said "thank you" again.

Most likely this is a dream or I'm missing something. I had scratched myself. It was hard enough to not just go away. It went away immediately when he touched it. This doesn't seem like a dream. How should I behave differently if it is a dream?

"Other than that you are the healer, is there anything else you want to tell me?"

He shook his head.

OK, I think making contact with the FBI and showing what he can do to somebody under some kind of pretense may be the best option.

"I'm going to text somebody and discuss with him how will be best to proceed, ok?"

"OK"



"How did it feel when I touched you?"

"Is there something about who you are that may provide a clue?"


-

Let's do a few more quick experiments


















































