
Dumbledoodle wasn't dumb. He kenw the house-blind election principle was just a way for Slytherins to hold on to their power. He knew the Slytherins were up to something big. He knew it involved breaking rules against the use of Muggle artifacts. He knew Ron had gone on a mission outside the school. 

But he didn't know what Ron had found out.

Dumbledoodle was sitting in his big wizard chair behind his giant wizard desk and in front of his many bookshelves filled with books, some very ancient and some very new. He had books on magic of course and the history of Hogwarts and magical Britian. He also had books on math, and history, and biographies. And psychology and how to speak and write better, music, romance, horror, comics, and a random mix of anything else you may find in a giant bookstore.

Albus stroked his large white beard. He had the end tied in a band to make it more manageable. He knew if it wasn't for his beard Minerva would have taken over as the head of Hogwarts years ago. But nobody was ready to let go of Dumbledoodle and his majestic beard yet. Dumbledoodle knew that "Dumbledoodle" wouldn't be the "Great and Reveered Dumbledoodle" if he hadn't been so lucky in the facial hair department.

Since Dumbledoodle cared greatly about keeping the school children safe and was powerful in magic and had loyal followers (due to his bravery and kindness, not just his magnificent facial hair) he was able to gather a lot of intelligence on the goings about inside and outside of the school. This is how he knew about the increase in Slytherin meetings and where they were going and coming. But the Slythering had taken all the best precautions to hide what was going on inside the meetings. But he knew Ron had gone on his mission, and Ron, Harry, and Hermione had met afterwards to discuss what Ron had seen.

Dumbledoodle knew that things were getting very serious, that the Slytherins were approaching a time where they would attempt to seize power. But even in his old age, he didn't know why some people hungered for power more than they cared for people. He knew Lucius Malfoy was a psychopath. What he didn't know was if he could be stopped. Dumbledoodle held his great beard and sighed. It wasn't worth pondering on any longer.

He needed to learn what Ron had learned and everything the children knew. But doing so would risk the Slytherins finding out that he was on to them. It would also risk his intelligence gathering operations being more well known and ultimately weaker. He thought he should limit himself to only talk to one of the children and to choose the one best at keeping secrets. Ron was mostly likely to reveal the secret by accident. Harry may want too much to talk to somebody about it. Hermione would be the most searious at keeping her word. 

So he needed a way to arrange a private discussion with her while arousing minimal suspicion. Minerva was his closest partner but not very good at being discrete, always favoring to turn herself into a suspicious looking black cat. He needed a plan for Hermione to come to him. 

What could he do that would be non-suspecious and lead to Hermione coming to his office? Albus had had trouble sleeping recently due to stressing over whether to intervene and stop Ron from going on his dangerous mission. He was old and tired. He stroked his beard and pondered on how to get a meeting with Hermione. Then he fell asleep in his wizard chair.


