
After the debriefing meeting with Ron and Harry, Hermione went to her room to think. The dome. The computers. The drawings on the whiteboards. If only she could see the drawings instead of only having Ron's rememberings. Rectanges with words in them, lines. connecting the rectangles, arrows. "Controller", "Service"

She thought, people think that just because I know a lot of facts that I'm not a strategic thinking. But I'm not just book smart. That's not fair. I'm clever too. 

Breath. 

All that muggle technology. She thought back to earlier in the year when dozens of students had gotten sick due to the spoiled mutton. It could have been so easily avoided with a refrigerator, but nobody had ever suggested it. It was unthinkable! Or all the problems Harry had with headaches that could be solved if only he could wear his Muggle glasses. But it was unthinkable. To anyone with a greater compassion for the safety of Magical Britain. She felt herself getting mad.

Breath... breath.

Dumbledoodle. Did Dumbledoodle know anything about this? Did he know anything about what they had been doing with the meetings and practice sessions and mission? He was a smart and powerful wizard with all the powers of the headmaster and relationships he had built over decades, and he cared about nothing more than to keep the students of Hogwarts safe. Would he have people letting him know about meetings? Or little animagus birds keeping an eye out on what is going on outside the school? Or magic artifacts that could record what they see and tell him about it?

The note had said it will be best not to involve any other adult; that they may not to be trusted. But it didn't say why, and the note wasn't signed. So why shouldn't she go to an adult?

She would need to be careful. She wasn't sure and she couldn't let the forces gathering against them know that they may be on to them. The gears in her mind hummed strongly. There shouldn't be much suspicion since she could be going to see Dumbledoodle for research on her History of Hogwarts paper. She would just go to his office carrying her bag and knock.

And then she would tell him everything. 

She was afraid to cross this threshhold but wanted to get to the other side. She packed up her books and headed over. She knocked. There was no answer. She knocked again, a bit louder. Still no answer. She was trying to look normal but feeling disappointed. 

Dumbledoodle was sleeping in his chair. With the second knock it brought him towards consciousness just enough for his ears to perk up.

Hermione decided she would try one more time and then come back later. Hoping it wasn't too rude but fearing it was, she knocked a third time. There was a pause as Dumbledoodle sat up and tried to neaten up his beard. Hermione started to turn around before hearing "Yes, come in. Come in".

Hemione entered, and closed the door behind her as casually as she could. "Hello Hemione" Dumbledoodle said brightly surprised to see that his problem had resolved itself while he was sleeping. "Hello Headmaster Dumbledoodle." 

She waited, trying to figure out if he knew why she was there. When he didn't say anything she said "I've come to ask you some questions about Hogwarts history for a report I'm doing." Dumbledoodle said "Ah yes, well go ahead. Ask me anything, we're all in private here." He made some hand movements. And then pulled out his wand and made some more movements creating an impenetrable privacy bubble within the larger privacy bubble of his chambers.

    "I'm so glad you came Hermione. Please, go ahead". 
    Hermione said "That isn't really why I'm here. I want to talk to you about something serious that may be going on."
    "Yes, I gathered as much" Dumbledoodle said kindly

Hermione told him about the note and everything that had happened since. Dumbledoodle listened and stroked his beard.

He took some notes. 12 computers. About 9 rectangles. About 20 lines connecting them. 

    Finally Dumbledoodle said, "Hermione, you're very insightful. What do you think it is?"
    "They've violated the laws against Muggle artifacts, blatently, and yet they seem to be building something, building something they didn't want to or couldn't buy"
    "Yes..."
    "Something illegal. Something to help them gain power. Something that is complex enough to require computers"

Dumbledoodle nodded.

    "You need computers to do advanced math for understanding how objects move. To calculate trajectories when you have forces of momentum, gravity, air resistance."

Dumbledoodle stroked his beard.

    "A missile? Do you think they are building strategic missile capabilities?!"

Dumbledoodle was tired. He thought if he could continue as Headmaster for one more year he would be the longest serving Headmaster of Hogwarts in over a thousand years. Should he still be here though? Could somebody else figure this out better? He didn't know. Computer guided missiles would be enough to seize power perhaps but all the Death Eaters are mixed in with everyone else. Where do you bomb? His powers of magic were lessening. His powers of recall were lessening. His powers of reasoning were lessening. But he still had his powers of reading people, of knowing how to work with people and maximizing their strengths. He would lean on Hermione some more for now. He stroked his white beard and tilted his head a smidgen.

    Hermione said, "No, that doesn't seem quite right."

Dumbledoodle nodded a little.

    "Something more targetted." Hermione said, and then she got an idea that seemed plausible... "Killer robots"
    "Mmmm" Dumbledoodle said. Then he asked as if it were a school test: "Will it will be Magic versus Killer Robots?" 
    
"No" Hermione said in horror "It's Magic versus Killer Robots *plus* Magic"


