They met in the Forest near Hogwarts. 3 miles to the north. 8 miles to the west. 

Harry said, "In preparing for battle, I have always found that plans are useless but planning is indispensable."

Hermione said, "Is that so? Eisenhower said that same exact thing. What are the odds?"

Ron wanted to be a part of the conversation but at the same time he didn't have a good grasp of combinatorics or sarcasm. "Pretty high I should think. People say a lot of things."

"Anyhoooo..." Harry said "we need to make our sortie before Sunday. This will be our first training session. Ron, are you sure you want to go through with this? You can still back out if you've thought more and decided it's not for you."

Ron said, "I've thought more. A lot more, for sure, and I'm resolved to do it. For sure."

Hermione and Harry nodded to him with respect.

"OK" Harry said "here's my thinking. You need to fly within walking distance but not get too close. So walk about 5 miles and then put on the invisibility cloak as soon as you see any activity. Then walk up to the dome, transform into a honey badger, dig under the dome, pull the cloak through the tunnel and transform back into human form and put on the cloak again. If it looks too likely that somebody will see you coming out then turn around and get out fast. So let's do a quick test run and then practice each part separately."

He continued "OK Ron, turn into a badger"

Ron said "OK". 

Ron said "How?"

    "You don't know how?" Hermione said
    "No"
    "Well, try" Harry said
    "OK". He squinted and kind of looked constipated but didn't transform into a badger.
    "Do. Or do not. There is no try" Yoda said.
    "OK" Ron said. He turned into a badger. 

Ron, the badger, started squeaking and his legs kind of flailed about.

    "I think he's trying to say something" Harry said
    "squeak SQUEKy squeaKY."
    "sweek sqwack squawk " he tried again.
    "squeel squat wasss squeezy.... Well that was easy" Ron squeaked

Now that he had learned to control his new vocal machinery he moved onto learning how to walk. 

    "Good job" Hermione exclaimed, "you're getting it!"

Ron walked around a bit.

    "OK" Harry said "I think you better try turning back into a human again."

Ron pooped. They all thought about what the implications would be if Ron could never switch back to a person again, and the wisdom of doing this test all on their own.

    "No" Hermione said. "Remember what Yoda said. Don't *try* to turn into a human. Just do it."
    "Wow" Ron said, once again in his human form, "that sure makes things easy."

Ron started flipping back and forth between badger and human. He flipped back and forth about 20 times in 10 seconds.

    "OK Ron, I think you've got that part" Harry said. 
    "How about practice some digging?" Hermione said

Ron did.

They did much more practice each day.

Ron sometimes found it hard not to procrastinate when doing his homework, but he discovered that a 3 day deadline and the threat of being sent to Azkaban worked as a nice motivator.
















