At 3am on Saturday night, Ron flew to the site they had decided on 5 miles away from the dome. He put on the invisibility cloak and walked towards the dome as he had practiced. He slowed down when he reached 100 feet from where he expected to see some activity. There. There were some figures flying around on brooms. And the barest outline of a semi-circle in what otherwise looked like a regular clearing. He carefully approached the dome, walking the way he had practiced. He reached the dome and carefully touched it as planned. It felt hard and smooth but neither hot nor cold. He turned into a badger with the cloak over his body and quickly began digging under the dome as he had practiced. The dome continued under the ground and he didn't know how far, but he would dig up to twenty minutes to find the bottom as they had discussed and he had practiced. After digging 10 minutes the dome ended. He dug under it and moved slowly into the tunnel, and peaked up through a tiny periscope they had made. He saw what looked like an office room. It appeared empty. He stayed at his position and observed for 5 minutes. There was no activity. He dug through far enough to pull through the cloak and then turn back into a human with the cloak over his body, as he had practiced hundreds of times. 

He looked around.

There were tables and on the tables were computers. And there were chairs in front of the tables. And whiteboards with diagrams and numbers and equations. He looked around and tried to memorize everything he could. He looked closer at the computers. The screens were all off. He recognized some of the math symbols on the whiteboards but they were at levels above his training. There was a kitchen and some seating area, empty trash cans. Some file cabinets. He went up to one and decided to open the drawer. For some reason opening the drawer was as scary as everything he had done so far. 

He pulled on the drawer.

It was locked. He tried another. It was locked too. He tried the rest and they were all locked. He considered turning on one of the computers but decided it was too risky and he shouldn't push his luck anymore. He looked around to be sure he hadn't done anything that somebody might notice and headed back. He wondered why they had left the floor near the dome as dirt and then turned back into a badger and returned through his tunnel, replacing the dirt. He came out the other side and patted down the area he had dug, as he had practiced hundreds of times. He turned into a human again and walked backed. Everything had gone as planned.

