Hermione walked courageously through the Slytherin commons area. A few boys and girls looked suspiciously at her. She felt out of place in her Gryffindore shirt and skirt. They eyed her furtively when she knocked on the door to Draco's private room. After a brief pause she entered.

Draco said "Let's begin." Hermione took her backpack off her shoulder and placed it on the floor next to her legs. "Draco," she said softly "this violates the Misuse of Muggle Artifacts."

"We're both well aware of that" Draco said easily.

"The law was created because our ancestors believed it could be too dangerous for individuals to be able to have so much power. I promised I would teach you but when I did this I didn't consider as much as I would have if I had thought more."

"Hermione, it's not my responsibility to negotiate for you. You agreed to the deal. Let's not waste any more time. I don't accept your request to renege on your promise." He tilted his head towards the laptop and said "Let us begin."

"Draco..." Hermione paused, willing herself to do what she had promised to herself she would. She swallowed. "I beg you. It's not a request. I'm begging to you. Please don't make me do this... Please give some thought if there is anything else you could want." She looked in his eyes "I beg." She saw a flicker of sympathy cross his face. Encouraged she said "When Neville was being slapped around yesterday I saw your face. You almost intervened. You have good in you. I know you do. Please don't make me do this. Please."

"How dare you?! How. Dare You! You stupid, stupid mudblood girl! I felt nothing but scorn! I have nothing but scorn for that weak miserable boy. How dare you accuse me? And how dare *you* suggest that if I did I would admit it *you*! You snivelling witch. How dare you call a Malfoy weak?!" he spat out. He stood up. His fists were clenched and his eyes half closed. "Go away! Come back tomorrow and be ready to teach... or face the consequennces." He put on his maximally menacing look which was more awful than you could imagine on an 11-year-old.

Hermione knew she had lost her chance. She had lost her chance most likely forever. She thought whether if she cried, and she easily could, if he would take any pity but she knew he would not. Not in his current mental state. Instead she lowered her eyes, and her head, turned around and left.

Draco fumed 'How dare she? I felt only scorn. Neville was pathetic. I felt no pity. I would have slapped him. Next time I'll slap him and laugh in his face. I felt only scorn and if I didn't I certainly wouldn't be so weak as to admit it. I'm a Slythirin. I'm a Slytherin. Sssanazeeee sssanahissss. SaaanaZEEE! Ssssss. SaaanaZEEE!"





