The three heros met again in the old classroom. "Where do we go from here?" Hermioned asked. They thought about it.

Harry said: 

    I had a counselor once who told me to always have a hpythosis why
    somebody says what they say, what mental machinery generated the
    thoughts that flowed through their lips. There are many dimensions to
    consider. What was the machinery trying to do and how much processing happened
    between that goal and those words? Most people mostly say whatever is going
    on in their heads. The greatest Hufflepuffs are entirely interested in
    making everyone feel good and what they say is what they're thinking.
    They are naturals by nature. If a great Hufflepuff is asked what she thinks
    of the ugly dress you're wearing she will say it's beautiful simply because
    to her it is. It became beautiful in her eyes the moment you asked. A less
    great Hufflepuff will think the dress is ugly but say it's beautiful because
    she knows that is what will make everyone feel good and she feels good
    saying it. 

    Ravenclaws want to be right. They often say whatever happens to 
    be going through their head. This is why their are so many "Ravenclaw jokes".

    The Gryffindors want to protect the world from evil. They don't exactly
    say what they are thinking but they say what is in their hearts and inspire
    others and it mostly reflects their original ambition. 

    The Hufflepuffs, Ravenclaws, and Gryffindors tend to speak they are mixes 
    of all these things and they are much more the same than different.

    But Slytherins... Slytherins always say whatever it is that they think
    will lead to their goal. When Slytherins look at the world they see idiots
    everywhere. People saying things that they are thinking instead of things
    that will help them achieve their goals. People saying things they are 
    thinking that will hurt their chances of achieving their goals. Slytherins
    are taught to *never* skip the step between the thoughts and words. Unlike
    Hufflepuffs the greatest Slytherins are the ones who can most perfectly
    say things different than what they are thinking. To understand why a
    great Slytherin said what they said it is often more effective to ignore the 
    words. The words may be many levels beyond what you can figure out a correct 
    hypothesis for. Instead just look at the consequences of those words...

    "Are you thinking about the note?" Hermione asked.

    Ron said "Hermione received the note. Then the next day she went to Malfoy and agreed to teach him programming. If the person who wrote the note was Slytherin then they believed that Malfoy learning programming would advance their agenda... but how do we even know if the writer was Slytherin?"
    Hermione said "Don't you think it was a bit odd that the note said 'Um, good luck'. Why would you bother to type 'um'? This seems like the kind of thing a Hufflepuff might do just for amusement."
    "Or a Slytherin pretending to be a Hufflepuff" Ron said.
    Hermione said "The note was full of lies"
    "Really?" Ron said. "I don't remember the auther, of the note, including a lot of lies in the note"
    "The lies rule out Ravenclaw" Harry shrugged. "They're always troubling themselves with such technicalities"

Hermione and Ron smiled since they knew Harry was joking. Gryffindores also
valued the truth.

Ron said "It wasn't signed... I think it is Slytherin." Hermione and Harry nodded. 

The possibility and enormity of what this meant grew larger in their minds. Slytherin was circumventing the Misuse of Muggle Artefacts decree and working to acquire muggle technology. If they succeeded and combined the power of magic with the power of technology, this would be a definitive advantage. The Slytherin overlords could not be stopped. Perhaps forever.

There was a few seconds of silence. Then Hermione asked:

    "Harry, do you really think Slytherins always formulate their words to try to achieve some selfish goal?" 

Harry said "No. When my counselor told me this I was quite young, but even then I was not so innocent as to believe that there could really be monsters. Nor was I so naive as to think there weren't many who could gain by saying as much, or many more who could be duped into believing it."
    
Hermione replied "There are many who would say you're the one who is being naive if you think Slytherins aren't really monsters. You must not really know of the things they've done that are unspeakable. Things you've never seen. Many would say you are the one who is innocent"

"The Slytherin are a tragedy." Harry said. "They have a perversion. But I believe we're all more alike than we are different... 90% of what we do is powered by natural selection, 9% is built on top of it by our parents, and 1% we build ourselves."

Hermione looked skeptical. She thought 90% may be way off, like 80% off. And what is the
"ourselves"?

Harry continued:

    You'd think stopping the Slytherin would be easy given that the Sorting Hat identifies who they are. In the non-wizarding world people mostly argue over who is or is not a Slytherin. Here the Hat knows, but the Slytherins do far fewer foolish things. They are truly better individuals when judged by Slytherin standards and justified in their scorn for our incompetents.

    It's insane of course for Hogwarts to train the Slytherins in magic, but their lobbies always attract the smartest Slytherin graduates and the Principle of House-blind Elections is untouchable.

Hermione lookded shocked and was about to defend the principle. Then she thought better of it. She could think more about this more later. Instead she asked Harry:

    "Do you think Slytherins can change?"
    "Yes"
    "Has it ever been tried?"
    "Ten years ago some pamphlets were distributed to the Slytherin common room"
    "Did it work?"
    "I don't know. Perhaps more could be done. You know, I'm not sure we really explained the 'um' before the 'good luck'. Perhaps the note was written by a Slytherin but they have a sense of humor, a small seed of humanity that can be... exploited... for good."
    "If it comes down to it. If the choice is killing or risking defeat to give a Slytherin a chance, what should we do?" 

Nobody said anything. "It really depends on the details." Hermione stated "On the one hand people rarely change and there is so much at stake. Everything. On the other hand people deserve a chance. If there's a chance for the ultimate win we need to take it.

Harry and Ron nodded. The meeting was over.    

But once again, Hermione lingered.

    "Harry, do you say what you're thinking or say what you think will get what you want?"

Harry blurted out: 

    "I love you"

Hermione didn't know what to say. Harry said:

    "I was going to answer 'sometimes I say what I'm thinking' and then you would have said 'when?' and I would have said 'when I'm talking to somebody I trust and can be open 
    with' and then you would have said 'do you say what you're thinking with me'? and I would have said 'I do sometimes' and you would have said 'what are you thinking now?' and I would have thought about it and said 'I love you' so I just skipped to that.

Wow. Did she love Harry? She liked him as much as any boy she knew and thought he was more special than all of them. And it would tear her up if anything bad happened to him, but is that love?  Hermione said:

    "'Me too', I would have said"
    "Hm?"
    "If you had said 'sometimes I say what I'm thinking' I would have said 'me too'"
    "Oh"

Harry looked down. Hermione thought she could try saying someting goal oriented:

    "We don't have much time. We should help Ron with his practice"
    Harry kept his poker face and said "Yes. Agreed."
    "And Harry." Hermione said "I don't know, I think, but maybe not, that I love you too"

Harry's heart leapt. It was a "don't-know-maybe-not" love you, but he beamed as they left the room together.




















