The three heros met again in the old classroom. "Where do we go from here?" Hermioned asked. 

They thought about it.

Harry said: 

	One thing I've been taught can be useful is evaluating the different meaning of words across the dimesions of houses and capability. 1) What underlying motivation do the words flow from? 2) How well designed, if designed at all, are they to move towards the goal?

	For the first dimension, we know that Slytherins underlying motivation is power, Ravenclaws is understanding, Hufflepuffs is joy, and Gryffindores is protecting the world against evil. The second dimension spans from words matching whatever thoughts are going through your head to whatever words would be most effective in achieving your goal. Someone like Lucius looks at the world and sees clumsiness everywhere. Inner thoughts spilling out all over the place.

	The Ravenclaws, Hufflepuffs, and Gryffindores sometimes say things that are different than the thoughts in their head to try to achieve their goals... You can be sure

	But, Slytherins. When Slytherins speak they ALWAYS say that which they think will advance their goals. Slytherins are selfish and ambitious. If you want to know the meaning of the words of an intelligent Slytherin you need only to look at the *consequences* of their words and trace backwards. You can ask, what effects happened as a result of what words? And how will that benefit them in some way?

Hermione said, 
	"Are you thinking about who may have written the unsigned note?" 
	"Indeed"
	Ron said "Hermione received the note. Then the next day she went to Malfoy and agreed to teach him programming. If the person who wrote the note was Slytherin then they believed that Malfoy learning programming would advance their agenda... but how do we even know if the writer was Slytherin?"
	Hermione said "Don't you think it was a bit odd that the note said 'Um, good luck'. Why would you bother to type 'um'? This seems like the kind of thing a Hufflepuff might do just for amusement."
	"Or a Slytherin pretending to be a Hufflepuff" Ron said.
	Hermione said "The note was full of lies"
	"Really?" Ron said. "I don't remember the auther, of the note, including a lot of lies in the note"
	"The lies rule out Ravenclaw" Harry shrugged. "They're always troubling themselves with such technicalities"

Hermione and Ron smiled since they knew Harry didn't mean that. Ravenclaws saying what they're thinking is their special ability and disability and the source of a great many Ravenclaw jokes. 

Ron said "It wasn't signed... I think it is Slytherin." Hermione and Harry nodded. 

The possibility and enormity of what this meant grew larger in their minds. Slytherin was circumventing the Misuse of Muggle Artefacts decree and working to acquire muggle technology. If they succeeded and combined the power of magic with the power of technology, this would be a definitive advantage. The Slytherin overlords could not be stopped. Perhaps forever.

There was a few seconds of silence. Then Hermione asked:

	"Harry, do you really think Slytherins always formulate their words to try to achieve some selfish goal?" 

Harry said "No. When my counselor told me this I was quite young, but even then I was not so innocent as to believe that there could really be monsters. Nor was I so naive as to think there weren't many who could gain by saying as much, or many more who could be duped into believing it."
	
Hermione replied "There are many who would say you're the one who is being naive if you think Slytherins are not really monsters. You must not really know of the things they've done that are unspeakable. Things you've never seen. Many would say you are the one who is innocent"

"The Slytherin are a tragedy." Harry said. "They have a perversion. But I believe we're all more alike than we are different... 90% of what we do is powered by natural selection, 9% is built on top of it by our parents, and 1% we build ourselves."

Hermione looked skeptical. She thought 90% may be way off, like 80% off. 

Harry continued:

	You'd think stopping the Slytherin would be easy given that the Sorting Hat identifies who they are. In the non-wizarding world people mostly argue over who is or is not a Slytherin. Here the Hat knows, but the Slytherins do far fewer foolish things. They are truly better individuals when judged by Slytherin standards and justified in their scorn for our incompetents.

	It's insane of course for Hogwarts to train the Slytherins in magic, but their lobbies always attract the smartest Slytherin graduates and the Principle of House-blind Elections is untouchable.

Hermione lookded shocked and was about to defend the principle. Then she thought better of it. She could think more about this later. Instead she asked Harry:

	"Do you think Slytherins can change?"
	"Yes"
	"Has it ever been tried?"
	"Ten years ago some pamphlets were distributed to the Slytherin common room"
	"Did it work?"
	"I don't know."

	Harry said "I'm not sure we really explained the 'um' before the 'good luck'. Perhaps the note was written by a Slytherin but they have a sense of humor, a small seed of humanity that can be... exploited... for good."

Hermione said "If it comes down to it. If the choice is killing or risking victory to give a Slytherin a chance, what should we do?" Nobody said anything. "It really depends on the details." Hermione stated "On the one hand people rarely change and there is so much at stake. Everything. On the other hand people deserve a chance. If there's a chance for the ultimate win we need to take it.

Harry and Ron nodded. The meeting was over.


